Added changelog for provider version V1.4.1 (#252)
couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [v1.4.1](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/tree/v1.4.1) (2024-12-20)

[Full Changelog](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/compare/v1.4.0...v1.4.1)

**Implemented enhancements:**

> - Allows setting the provider host and authorization_token via CAPELLA prefixed environment variables [\#239](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/pull/239) ([cdsre](https://github.com/cdsre))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allows the provider `host` and and `authentication_token` to be set through environment variables prefixed with `CAPELLA_HOST` and `CAPELLA_AUTH_TOKEN`. [\#239](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/pull/239) ([cdsre](https://github.com/cdsre))
```

Reviewer: Similar to what @simon-dew suggested and after going through the PR linked here, I set up the variables as written in the PR.

- `authorization_token` is actually `authentication_token` in the PR.
- The CAPELLA environment variables in the PR are written as `CAPELLA_HOST` and `CAPELLA_AUTH_TOKEN`. 

I just want to confirm that these variable are still written as this?

**Fixed bugs:**
- \[AV-92771\] Fix GSI documentation link  [\#248](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/pull/248) ([a-atri](https://github.com/a-atri))

**Documentation Enhancement:**

> - \[AV-92775\] Update getting started GSI example to create non deferred secondary index [\#247](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/pull/247) ([l0n3star](https://github.com/l0n3star))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- \[AV-92775\] Update the Getting Started GSI example to create a non-deferred secondary index [\#247](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/pull/247) ([l0n3star](https://github.com/l0n3star))
```

**Merged pull requests:**
- Bump github.com/stretchr/testify from 1.9.0 to 1.10.0 [#251](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/pull/251) ([dependabot[bot]](https://github.com/apps/dependabot))
- Bump golang.org/x/crypto from 0.30.0 to 0.31.0 [#249](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/pull/249) ([dependabot[bot]](https://github.com/apps/dependabot))
- Bump github.com/couchbase/tools-common/functional from 1.2.0 to 1.3.1 [#246](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/pull/246) ([dependabot[bot]](https://github.com/apps/dependabot))

> 

Reviewer 2: @a-atri Even this dependabot PR was merged - https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/pull/237

Author: @PaulomeeCb I have addressed your comment
